Suwa Maman's new product for this new product Dokki's chocolate is strangely totally on the product development everyone
The story is first of all the arms of this candy is the seal no matter what the children look for
That means you buy candy many times
I'm in a sticker inside
And this
This and my three
Who's always a Well Well 32 interior seal
Children's face that I bought the candy was roughly drink all of regretfully children mountain of over
But such as kilometers split says Innovation uh
I went eight times and then I went, then you guys added a new seal
Do you sell?
It is three of this
Ah ah ah i 'm not only smiling slightly
If you don't like it, it's better if you have two dishes like Man Exe 2 dishes
But three of this and this and this, which has been added to you guys also seal After the Thalasso
Is Bubashia cookies today of you who have brought
Let's watch it
Or to last month often list lash practice of To hear from green tea Kukeshi his children not it
I guessed
As I've restructured your friends, I'm sorry for the trouble- most of the foolish
Increase because I do not sell really Seriously meaning items Once you guys also did not want to be restructuring
As a medical decision , I really Peach chocolate is rice field
It is useless even if such a shame that face to Taichung City us
I want to put out the cheetah and I 'm going to stop it-I'm going to protest it
I also from along or waited do it and today the guy and restructuring of trade development tired one day lending
Oh Kos Kurumakei halo standing guy Oh Sir Oh what tier Jaguar
Darcye's overseas